discovering it and Freddie to believe
there's nothing that they can do and
Freddie are exploring in the little
people helicopter that's an odd place
for a circus train on let's see what's
going on
hi would you like our help if we all
work together I bet we could get it
unstuck you've given me an idea Freddie
okay here's what we'll do first lion
monkey and I will line up on the other
side of the tray then we'll go to the
first side alone meanwhile over on Main
Street oh I'm worried smiley
the circus should have been here by now
I'm going to be so sad if the circus
doesn't come today
are you ready elephant okay now
great now to the back of the Train
fire away
let's give it a go
okay
again
you
Oh
we'll just won't go round and the people
are gonna be so disappointed it's stuck
in the mud you say Eddie he save the
animals and the Train is here how did
you do it Eddie we thought it through
and then work together then the circus
begin
and so the little people ended another
happy day of helping each other and
helping other people
see you tomorrow